hey you guys so I know the holidays are
coming up you're going to go through
some fabulous holiday dinners
Thanksgiving dinner Christmas dinner
office party college party boyfriend
dates all that kind of stuff and lashes
are all the rage during the holiday
season so this is a long awaited
tutorial that I'm going to show you how
to apply false lashes using the Sephora
bull's eye applicator now I know there
are a number of ways to apply false
lashes you can use your fingers you can
use tweezers you know a number of ways
but I feel that especially if it's your
first time applying or even if you've
applied offices for years this is a
great has a curved and curved like the
shape of the actual lash and it's very
soft to the touch it's very like squishy
like jelly kind of thing and then the
back end also has just a sharp and
pointy part that you can use to just fix
the lash like if it's up to how you can
use it to push it down it's really soft
and I'm going to go ahead and show you
how I use these Sephora bold eye eyelash
applicator to apply my false lashes the
glue application I always use the duo
adhesive glue you can use whatever glue
you're comfortable with mine is in the
clear white formula and to help with
putting the glue on I just take the end
of my makeup brush I just squirt a
little bit of the glue on there and then
I take the actual lash and just run it
very gently on the actual stroke
easy TV right I turn it in the way that
it's going to be applied and then I just
wiggle it around just to loosen it up
and you do this for a good like 20 30
seconds or until you know or comfortable
with knowing that the glue is tacky but
what I do to check to make sure is I
look at any areas where I know that I
place the glue I just look to see if
it's turning into the color of the strip
so like right here is turning into the
color of the strip so I'm going to go
ahead and take my tool my bull's eye
lash lash applicator turn it like how
you see how it's curved
turn it to that curve as it is as it's
facing the lash and stick it under there
and grip as you go I like to place it in
the center of it so now you have
something holding your lash instead of
you you know being flimsy or clumsy with
your finger and now as you can see the
lash is upside down holding the lash
upside down I'm gonna tilt my head just
a little bit okay because then I can see
what I'm doing you can look down if you
want to but I like to do that but what
you can do is tilt your head just a
little bit so you can see where you are
line up back lash with that black lash
unrest it on as you can see it's on
there so you can take the back part of
that bull's eye applicator and just
figure out what you want your lash to be
and precedent
I love this tool because it just makes
everything just so much easier and you
can grip the lash where you want it this
back end is very nice because it's it's
cushioning it's not hard and you can
press the lash instead of pushing with
your fingers if you don't want to if you
have this thing with messing up your
makeup the back end is really good and
then you can always take the clam the
end and if you still feel like you need
to grip it or any reason you can do that
you can always take the edge of how I'm
holding it this way you can always turn
it in this way grip any hairs that you
think need to be gripped and pressed and
it's precedent we can use the back end
like I said and just press anything it
now at this point you want to let that
lash glue set and just letting it sit
there and once it's dry I like to push
my fingers up like that so you wouldn't
have like when I first I wearing glasses
I always had that it always felt like a
finger was right over my eye so what I
started doing was once it dried a little
bit I just pushed my finger underneath
my rear lash and just pushed pushed and
roll all right pushing and rolling
really helps with getting that that just
shadow from off the top of your eyes you
guys I really hope this tutorial was
helpful for you all using the support
both I got applicator this retails for
$12 on Sephora's website which i think
is a little pricey you know I would
rather pay half than like six dollars I
can see but twelve whatevs anyway I
think is a great tool it's a great
investment go ahead and check out
Sephora I'm gonna put a link below so
you guys can just go directly there and
check it out and see if you want to
invest in one all right you guys thank
you so much for watching and subscribing
if you have bye